#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Maximum Entropy Models,MEMs
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
H(X)=-\sum_{x}p(x)\log p(x)
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Constructing 
\begin_inset Formula $\tilde{p}(x,y)$
\end_inset

 is our goal.
 A feature function 
\begin_inset Formula $f$
\end_inset

 must be devised.
 
\begin_inset Formula $\tilde{p}(f)$
\end_inset

 is the expection of data, 
\begin_inset Formula $p(f)$
\end_inset

 is the expectation of model.
 The following equation will be holded
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\sum_{x,y}\tilde{p}(x)p(y|x)f(x,y)=\sum_{x,y}\tilde{p}(x,y)f(x,y)
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is a necessary condition to become a good model.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Model training is getting the optimal parameter which satisifies
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{eqnarray}
\theta^{*} & = & \arg\max\sum_{x}\tilde{p}(x)\sum_{y}p(y|x)\log p(y|x)\\
st. &  & \sum_{x,y}p(x,y)f(x,y)=\sum_{x,y}\tilde{p}(x,y)f(x,y)
\end{eqnarray}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In statistical physics there is only one principle: All possible states
 appear with an equal probability.
 I accept this principle as our assumation.
 Under the same complexity[This condition can be replaecd by energy or other
 measures.], all possible images or all possible sentences appear with the
 equal probability.
 Neglecting the conditon may be possible, because there exist abundant images(se
ntences) in our life.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
